Modeler renaming (#721)
camunda-cloud/camunda-cloud-documentation: docs/components/modeler/bpmn/bpmn-coverage.md

---
id: bpmn-coverage
title: "BPMN coverage"

> description: "List of BPMN symbols compatible with Camunda Platform 8"

Reviewer: This is a general list.

```suggestion
description: "List of BPMN symbols supported in the Modelers"
```
